## Resubmission
This is a re-submission. In this version I have:

* moved the packages *cowplot*, *hablar*, *magic*, *neldermead*, and *pracma* from "Suggests" to "Imports" in the DESCRIPTION file, as they are required for core functionality. The use of the *reshape2* package has been replaced by base R functions;
* replaced the use of *T* and *F* for variable names throughout the package functions;
* replaced the argument *size* from *geom_line()* (library *ggplot2*) by the argument *linewidth* within the *Fit_Subplot* function, since *size* has been deprecated; 
* replaced the use of the *mult__prod* function, making it unnecessary. Therefore, this function was removed from the package;
* removed the command that checks for the existence of objects (*exist*) within the following functions *Get_llk*, *MLEdensity*, *Aux_BoundDiag* and *True_BoundDiag*; 
* replaced the use of *cat* by *message* throughout the user-facing functions of the package. Additionally, the argument *verbose* was included as the input of these same functions. This change aims at providing more flexibility for the user in terms of silencing model outputs;   
* simplified the *GaussianDensity* function and, in particular, I have improved the numerical stability from the inversion of covariance matrices by replacing the use of *solve* by a Cholesky-based solver;
* adopted the color-blind friendly palette for bootstrap-related graphs;
* included the option that allows users to set the path of a directory to save the desired outputs. The default option is set to *tempdir()*;
* implemented the *autoplot* method to the 'ATSMModelOutputs' (output from the *NumOutputs* function) and 'ATSMModelBoot' (output from the *Bootstrap* function) objects. This procedure allows graphs to be printed in the console, therefore facilitating the inspection of the outputs of interest; 
* corrected bugs in the common legends generated of the graphs of the *RiskFactorsGraphs*, *Fitgraphs*, *TPDecompGraph* functions;
* added logical checks in the *DatabasePrep* function for the the *readxl* package;
* rewritten the *Reg__OLSconstrained* function to improve its efficiency. This function is now called *Est_ConstOLS*;
* rewritten the *FMN_Rotate* function to improve its efficiency. This function is now called *Rotate_Lat_Obs*; 
* included examples to all user-facing functions, specifically the existing ones (*Bootstrap*, *ForecastYields*, *NumOutputs*, *Optimization*) and the newly exported graphical functions (*RiskFactorsGraphs*, *Fitgraphs*, *IRFandGIRFgraphs*, *FEVDandGFEVDgraphs*, *TPDecompGraph*);
* simplified the outputs generated by the *Optimization* function in order to save computer memory.

